Lamanites, and we will be their
slaves; for it is better that we be
slaves to the Nephites than to pay
tribute to the king of the Lamanites.

16 And now, king Limhi command-
ed his guards that they should no
more bind Ammon nor his brethren,
but caused that they should go to
the hill which was north of Shilom,
and bring their brethren into the
city, that thereby they might eat,
and drink, and rest themselves from
the labors of their journey; for they
had suffered many things; they had
suffered hunger, thirst, and fatigue.

17 And now, it came to pass on
the morrow that king Limhi sent a
proclamation among all his people,
that thereby they might gather
themselves together to the temple,
to hear the words which he should
speak unto them.

18 And it came to pass that when
they had gathered themselves to-
gether that he spake unto them in
this wise, saying: O ye, my people,
lift up your heads and be comforted;
for behold, the time is at hand, or
is not far distant, when we shall no
longer be in subjection to our en-
emies, notwithstanding our many
strugglings, which have been in
vain; yet I trust there remaineth
an effectual struggle to be made.

19 Therefore, lift up your heads,
and rejoice, and put your trust in
â€™God, in that God who was the God
of Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob;
and also, that God who brought the
children of Israel out of the land
of Egypt, and caused that they
should walk through the Red Sea
on dry ground, and fed them with
fmanna that they might not perish
in the wilderness; and many more
things did he do for them.

 

20 And again, that same God has
brought our fathers out of the land
of Jerusalem, and has kept and pre-
served his people even until now;
and behold, it is because of our in-
iquities and abominations that he
has brought us into bondage.

21 And ye all are witnesses this
day, that Zeniff, who was made king
over this people, he being over-
zealous to inherit the land of his
fathers, therefore being deceived by
the cunning and craftiness of king
Laman, who having entered into a
treaty with king Zeniff, and having
yielded up into his hands the posses-
sions of a part of the land, or even
the city of Lehi-Nephi, and the
city of Shilom; and the land round
about.

22 And all this he did, for the sole
purpose of bringing this people into
subjection or into bondage. And be-
hold, we at this time do pay tribute
to the king of the Lamanites, to the
amount of one half of our corn, and
our barley, and even all our grain
of every kind, and one half of the
increase of our flocks and our herds;
and even one half of all we have or
possess the king of the Lamanites
doth exact of us, or our lives.

23 And now, is not this grievous
to be borne? And is not this, our
affliction, great? Now behold, how
great reason we have to mourn.

24 Yea, say unto you, great are the
reasons which we have to mourn;
for behold how many of our breth-
ren have been slain, and their blood
has been spilt in vain, and all be-
cause of iniquity.

25 For if this people had not fallen
into transgression the Lord would
not have suffered that this great evil
should come upon them. But behold,
