the power of the resurrection; and also from everlast-
ing death, by the power of the atonement, that ye may
be received into the eternal kingdom of God, that ye
may praise him through grace divine. Amen.

CHAPTER VIII.

Any now Jacob spake many more things to my peo-
ple at that time; nevertheless, only these things have
# caused to be written: for the things which I have
written, sufficeth me.

And now IJ, Nephi, write more of the words of
Ysaiah: for my soul delighteth in his words. For I
will likeri his words unto my people; and I will send
them forth unto all my children: for he verily saw my
Redeemer, even as I have seen him. And my brother
Jacob also has seen him as 1 have seen him; where-
fore, I will send their words forth unto my children,
to prove unto them that my words are true. Where-
fore, by the words of three, God hath said, I will es-
tablish my word. Nevertheless, God sendeth more
witnesses; and he proveth all his words. Behold, my
soul delighteth in proving unto my people the truth
of the coming of Christ: for, for this end hath the law
of Moses been given; and all things which have been
given of God from the beginning of the world, unto
man, are the typifying of him. And also, my soul
delighteth in the covenants of the Lord which he hath
made to our fathers; yea, my soul delighteth in his
grace, and his justice, and power, and mercy, in the
great and eternal plan of deliverance from death. And
my soul delighteth in proving unto my people, that
save Christ should come, all men must perish. For if
there be no Christ, there be no God; and if there be
no God, we are not, for there could have been no ecre-
ation. But there is a God, and he is Christ; and he
cometh in the fulness of his own time.

And now-I write some of the words of Isaiah, that
whoso of my people shall see these words, may lift up
their hearts and rejoice for all men. Now, these are

the words; and ye may liken them unto you, and unto
all men.
