a small number of them gathered. together to sing and
to dance... And:-now the priests of Sane Noah, being
ashamed to return to the city of Nephi, yea, and.also
fearing that the people would slay them, therefore
they durst not return to their:wives and their chil-
dren. And having tarried in-the wilderness, and-hav-
ing discovered the daughters.of the Lamanites,â€™ they
laid and watched them; -and-when there-were but. few
of them gathered together.to dance, they came forth
out of their secret places, and took them and carried
them into the wilderness; yea, twenty and four of the
daughters of the Lamanites-they carried into the wild-
erness. +

And it came to pass that when the Lamanites found
that their daughters had been missing, they were an-
gry with the people of Limhi; for they thought it was
the people of Limhi. Therefore they sent. their ar-
mies. forth; yea, even the king himself went before
his people; and: they went up to the land of Nephi,
to destroy the people of Limhix And now Limhi had
discovered them from the tower; even.all their pre-
parations for war did he discover; therefore he gath-
ered his people together, and laid wait for them.in the
fields, and in the forests. And it came to. pass that
when the Lamanites had come up, that: the people of
Limhi began to fall upon them from their waiting
places, and began to slay them,

And it came to pass that the battle became exceed-
ing. sore, for they fought.like lions for.their prey..
And it came to. pass that the. people of Limhi. began
to drive the Lamanites before. them, yet they were
not half so. numerous as the Lamanites.. But they
fought for their lives, and for their wives, and. for
their children; therefore they exerted themselves, and
like dragons did they fight,

And it came to pass that. they found the king of the
Lamanites among the number of their dead; yet he
was not dead, having been wounded and left upon the
ground, so speedy was the flight-of his. people... And
they took him and:bound up.his wounds, and brought
him. before Limhi, and. said, behold, here is the king
of the Lamanites;he. having received a wound, hag
fallen among: their dead, and. they have left him; and
behold,. we have. brought him before you;..and now. let
us sluy him. ; But Limhi.said.unto them, ye shall not
slay. him, but) bring:.him: hither, that I may.gee him.
