ye whovare despisers of the works of the Lerd, for ye
shall wonder and perish: O then despise not, and
wonder not, but hearken unto the words of the Lord,
and ask the Father in the name of Jesus for what
things soever ye shall stand in need. Doubt not, but
be beheving, and begin asdn times of old, and come
unto the Lord with all your heart, and work out your
own salyation with fear and trembling before him..
Be wise in the days of your probation; strip yourselves.
of all uncleanness; ask not, that ye may consume it
on your lusts, but ask. with adirmness unshaken, that
ye will yield to no temptation, but that ye will serve
the true and living God: See that ye are not baptized
uiworthily; see that ye partake not of the sacrament
otCarist unworthily; but see that ye do all things in
worthiness, and io itin the name of Jesus Christ, the
Son of the living God; and if ye do this, and endure
tothe end, ye -will'inâ€™no wise be cast out. Behold, I
speait unto-you as though  spake from the dead; for I
know that ye shallhear my words. Condemn me not
because of mine imperfection; neither my father, be-
cause of his imperiection; neither therm who have
written before him, but rather. give thanks unto God
that he hath made manifest unto you our imperfec-
tions, that ye may learn to be more wise than we have
been.

And now behold, we have written this record accor-
ding'to our knowledge in the characters, which are
called among us the reformed Egyptian, being handed
down and altered by us, according to our manner of
speech. And if our plates had been sufficiently large,
We-should have written in Hebrew; but the Hebrew
hath been: altered. by us also; and if we could have
written in Hebrew, behold, ye would have had no im-
perfection in our record, But the Lord knoweth the
things which we have-written, and also that none oth-
er people knoweth our language, therefore he hath
prepared means for the interpretation thereof And
these things are written, that we may rid our garments
of the blood of our brethren who Lave dwindled in un-
belief... And behold, these things which we have desi-
red concerning our brethren, yea, even their. restora-
tion: tothe: knowledge of Christ, is according: to the

rs of alkthe saints who have dwelt in the land:
And may theLord'Jesus Christ grant that their pray-
ets may. be. answered according to their faith;-an 7
God the Father remember the covenant: which he ha
