they that shall be saved. And may God grant, in his: great
fulness, that men might be brought unto repentance and good
yorks, that they might be restored unto grace, for grace ac-
cording to their works. And 1 would that-all men might be
aved. But we read that in that great.and last day, there are
sme which shall be cast out; yea, which shail be cast off
from the presence of the Lord; yea, which shall be consigned
joa state of endless misery, fulfilling the words which saith,
They that have doue good, shall have everlasting life; and
they that have done evil, shall have everlasting damnation.—
And thus it is. Amen.

—e
CHAPTER V.
THE PROPHECY OF SAMUEL, THE LAMANITE,
TO THE NEPHITES.

Axn now if came to pass in the eighty and sixth year, the
Aephites did still remain in wickedness, yea, in great wicked-
tess, While the Lamanites did observe strictly to keep the
commandments of God, according to the Jaw of Moses. And.
iteame to pass that in this year, there was one Samuel, a La-
manite, came into the land of Zarahemla, and began to preach
wto the people. And it came to pass that he did preach
many-day repentance unto the people, and they did cast him
ont, and he was about to return to his own land. But behold,
the voice of the Lord came unto ‘him, that he should return
gain, and prophesy unto the people whatsoever things should
tome in his heart.

And it came to pass that they would not suffer that he should
‘ater into the city ;: therefore he went and got upon’the wal!
thereof and stretched forth his hand and cried with a loud
oie, and prophesied unto the people whatsoever things the

put into his heart; and he said unto them, Behold, J,
Samuel, a Lamanite, do speak the words of the Lord, which *
hedoth put into my heart; and bchold he hath put it into my
heart to say unto this people, that the sword of justice hang~
th over this people ; and four hundred years passeth not arvay
ae the sword of justice falleth upon this people ; yea, heavy

 
