justice of God, upon all those who will work wicked-
ness and abomination before him.

And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me,
Nephi, saying, thou hast beheld that if the Gentiles
repent, it shall be well with them; and thou also
knowest concerning the covenants of the Lord unto
the house of Israel; and thou also hast heard, that
whoso repenteth not, must perish; therefore, wo be
unto the Gentiles, if it so be that they harden their
hearts against the Lamb of God; for the time cometh,
saith the Lamb of God, that I wi!l work a great and a
marvellous work among the children of men; a work
which shall be everlasting, either on the one hand or
on the other: either to the convincing of them unto
peace and life eternal, or unto the deliverance of them
to the hardness of their hearts and the blindness of
their minds, unto their being brought down into cap-
tivity, and also unto destruction, both temporally and
spiritually, according to the captivity of the devil, of
which I have spoken. 

And it came to pass that when the angel had spo-
ken these words, he said unto me, remember thou the
covenants of the Father unto the house of Israel? I
said unto him, yea. And it came to pass that he said
unto me, look, and behold that great and abominable
ehurch, which is the mother of abominations, whose
foundation is the devil. -And he said unto me behold,
there are, save two churches only: the one is the
church of the Lamb of God, and the other is the church
of the devil; wherefore, whoso belongeth not to the
church of the Lamb of God, belongeth to that great
church, which is the mother of abominations; and she
is the whore of all the earth.

And it came to pass that I looked and beheld the
whore of all the earth, and she sat upon many waters;
and she had dominion over all the-earth, among all na-
tions, kindreds, tongues and people.

And it came to pass that I beheld the church of the
Lamb of God, and its numbers were few, because of
the wickedness and abominations of the whore who sat
upon many waters; nevertheless, I beheld that the
church of the Lamb, who were the. saints of God, were
also upon all the face of the earth; and their domin-
ions upon the face of the earth were small, because of
the wickedness of the great whore whom I saw.

And it came to pass that I beheld that the great
mother of abominations did gather together multitudes
