they! may believe inme,: that. I:may be in'them as
thou,.Father, art in-me, thatwe may:be one. __

And it came to pass, that when Jesus had thus pray-
ed unto the Father, he came unto his disciples, and
behold, : they did still continue, without ceasing, to
pray unto him; and they did not multiply.many words,
for it was given unto them what they should pray, and
theyâ€™ were filled with desire.. And it caine to pass
that Jesus blessed them, as -they did pray unto him,
and-his countenance did smile upon. them, and. the
light of his countenance did shine upon them, and be-
hold they were as white as the countenance, and also
the garments of Jesus; and behold the whiteness there-
of did exceed all the whiteness, yea, even there could
be nothing upon earth so white as the whiteness there
of. --And Jesus said unto them, pray on, nevertheless
they did not cease to pray. ..And he turned from then
again, and went a little way off; and bowed himself to
the earth; and he prayed again unto the Father, say-
ing, Father, I thank thee that thou hdst purified those
whom I chave chosen, because of their faith, andI
pray for them, and also for them who shall believe on
their words, that they may be purified in me, through
faith on their words, even as they are purified in me.
Father, I pray not for the world, but for those whom
thou hast given me out of the world, because of their
faith, that they may be purified in me, that I may be
in-them as thou, Father, art in me, that we may be
one, that I may be glorified in them.

And when Jesus. had spoken these words, he came
again unto his disciples, and behold they did pray
steadfastly, without. ceasing, unto him; and he did
smile upon them again; and behold they were white,
even as Jesus.

And it came to pass that he went again a little way
off, and prayed unto the Father; and tongue cannot
speak the words which he prayed, neither can be writ
ten: by man the words. which he prayed. And the
multitude did hear, and do bear record, and. their hearts
were open, and they did understand:in their hearts the
words which he prayed. -Nevertheless,. so great and
marvelous were the words which he prayed, that they
cannot.be written. neither can they be uttered by
man. ;

-AWndit came'to pase that.when Jesus had made an
end.of praying, he enme again to the disciples, and
said unto them, so great faith have I never seen among
